## Overview
Pace-community is a way for software developers to turn their GitHub repositories into PACE modules. Furthermore, once they have done the initial setup, every new release will automatically be turned into a new module version with no further action necessary. This repository has been set up for three example modules: pace-community-test, SPARC, and sparc-dft-api.

## How can a developer add their module to pace-community?
1. **Tell pace-community where to find your repository on GitHub.** Add your repository addresss to `repositories.txt` in the format <author>/<repository>. For example, to add the repository [https://github.com/YorickAndeweg/SPARC](https://github.com/YorickAndeweg/SPARC), add the line YorickAndeweg/SPARC to repositories.txt.
2. **Make a folder for your repository.** The folder should have the same name as your github repository. To continue with the above example, the folder should be called SPARC.
3. **Tell pace-community how to compile your code.** In your newly created folder, create a file called `compile_instructions.sh` and in it, type the bash commands that you would execute to compile your code if you had just `cd`'d into a clone of your repository. Any created files should stay within this hypothetical clone directory; i.e. build in place.
4. **Tell pace-community how the module should behave.** In your newly created folder, create a file called `template.lua` and in it, type the lua commands that should be executed when someone loads your module, such as setting environment variables or prepending to `PATH`. This is also where you can add a description of your module. If you are unfamiliar with creating LMOD modules, look at the 3 examples included in this repository or at the [Lmod documentation](https://lmod.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). Use the string `{{ version }}` to refer to your module version and the string `{{ root_path }}` to refer to the path of your repository clone. Pace-community will replace these placeholders with the appropriate values whenever it creates a new version of your module.

## How does PACE check for new releases and turn them into new module versions?
All pace has to do is run update_community_modules.py. This can be scheduled to be run nightly.
